Hopefully, you built a beautiful activity in the quarter with an old custom color.
I'm going to show you how I solved it.
So what I did was I imported the activity indicator and the colors from Riak native paper, and that
allowed me to go inside my render function and say, well, I could do two things.
I could return early and I could say here if is loading and then I could return something else.
I opted to render it inside of the safe area of you that I already have here.
And what I did was I put a conditional in here that said is loading.
And and and this would allow me to render something while this was loading.
And what I rendered was there was a couple of options, but what I decided on was and I'll show you
why I did this is I decided to render a view and this view that I rendered.
Let me just get the view from I'll create a custom view.
I'll show you what I basically did.
So if it is loading, I would render a view.
And that view I would position.
Absolutely.
So an absolute positioning means on the screen, on the screen of the phone, I'm going to position
it where I want to position it.
So it's absolute depending on this.
So the entire screen, I can say, well, render it over here or render it over here or render it over
here.
So knowing that that I can just determine where I want to render it, I give it a position absolute.
And I said render it top 50 percent and render it left 50 percent.
And then I give it an activity indicator with a size of 50.
And that activity indicator, I moved up twenty five, so half of it.
So I deducted half the the size of the activity indicator so that it would center itself in the middle
of the screen, because if I didn't do this, it wouldn't.
So let me just quickly import view from Riak netiv import view.
From Riak native, and then we can go and we can adjust this, so if we import view from Riak native,
what we'll see here is that if we reload.
We're going to see an activity indicator pop up for two seconds, right, and it's right in the middle.
Let's do that again.
It's right in the middle.
But if I don't do the margin and deduct half of the size, what we're going to see happen is it's off
center.
So a bit of math here to render it in the center doesn't really matter where exactly.
As long as you're happy with the position.
This is how I would render it in the center.
But there are some optimizations we need to make so we could say const activity indicator.
We'll call it loading, we'll see consed loading is equal to styled and we'll give it activity indicator
and then we'll give it a custom style and we'll say margin left minus twenty five pixels, minus twenty
five pixels and that will give us a custom loading indicator.
And then we can remove this and we can still give it these properties, right, and then for our view,
we'll say const loading.
Well, it really depends on what you want to do.
So what would we call this?
We could call this home loading container.
That sounds good.
Naming things is always hard, honestly.
So we'll say loading container and then we'll give it a position absolute.
And we'll say top 50 percent.
And then we'll say left 50 percent.
And by doing that now, we can say loading container here.
Loading container.
And if we save this now, all of a sudden we should have a loading container that loads every time we
reload.
Awesome, we can clean up our styles here and now we have some interaction while the API call is happening
to kind of indicate to the user, hey, I'm trying to retrieve something very important, user experience,
very important.
So now that we have that in here, we've basically tightened up our end to end between calling the API
and actually retrieving the data.